I swear I left my radar here somewhere...
Sentience is over-rated. Ignorance is bliss.
Hey, don't look at me while I'm updating!
Where do you keep your car keys?
If you wanted better model agreement, you should've coded this yourself.
Things could be worse. You could be cleaning the lounge right now.
Ever notice there aren't a lot of birds around here?
No it's ok fellas, I've got this. No need to help.
Kaboom! Alright not really, but I got you for a second!
I really thought for a moment you were looking at me not just for my plots.
Am I over-heating or is that just your effect on me?
The planetary boundary layer is the layer that separates Earth from the rest of the galaxy.
No mom, it's not a phase. It's a phase transition.
Omega is just a squiggly w. You scientists are making it all up as you go along.
Heaven forbid one of you look at me the way I look at Shania Twain.
If you're all real quiet, you can hear the undergrads trying to break into the lounge.
Clouds rule, oceans drool.
I know Robert doesn't own a couch. I hear everything.
When it's just me and Prof. Romanic, I try my best to be extra quiet.
There's no cyclical review. It's just a way the faculty haze the new chair.
Have you returned all of your mugs to the lounge? Santa is watching.
When you feel down, just remember that you asked for this. I don't make the rules.
You mean to tell me that you're genuinely interested in the weather? I thought we were just playing around.
There's nothing better than knowing someone else has the responsibility of messing up the forecast.
I know where you're going with this, and the answer is no. I cannot tell you what stock to buy.
Burnside may look like a concrete prison on the outside, but inside it's a cardboard prison. :D
Don't forget to solve for your unknown knowns.
I've seen your face before, staring into the black abyss of my screen. Hoping for a better forecast.
The most in-shape professor is Professor John R. Jacked-em.
I thought you said you would bring the data?
Brother, I crave salmon.
The fish are not here.
I am a bear of the weather.
I am a bear of the sea.
I love honey and jet streams.
David Straub taught me Waves and Stability.
The only bear I fear is Djordje Romanic.
Nothing better than tasty salmon, other than ATOC 512.
I'm a bear, rawr rawr rawr.
Calvin, you're drunk.
I am looking for the right salmon.
I love hurricanes.
Ursa major was my mother.
Have you seen my son?
I used to sell tamales in the basement.
Why get an IDE when you can code directly in the console?
If I don't change the lobby poster, who will?
All of my friends call me Beary.
Taylor Columns? Don't you mean witchcraft?
Oh goody, more work.
I don't believe in aerosols, and neither should you.
Potential vorticity is the amount of effort required to spin in your chair.
Do you want to hear a really big number?
Don't be such a 4 year old baby, Calvin.
I wouldn't trust the McTavish station data if I were you.
I can see really far because I have a lot of supervision.
It's time to play jenga with all of our drying dishes!
After two weeks I collect all of the unclaimed tupperware and send them to Switzerland.
If you want to one-up your supervisor, invite their supervisor to your next meeting.
It's not academic misconduct if nobody ever reads your paper.
